Which is the most populous State?
How many voters exist in the most populous State?
How many black voters exist in the most populous State?
Which State has the most Hispanic voters?
Which State held the closest race?
Which county in Texas held the closest race?
Who won the county that held the closest race?
Which party won the most States?
How many counties did each party win in Arizona?
How did Athens, Georgia vote?
Show me CA.
Show me Republican counties in California.
Please draw the States on the map.
Draw the counties won by the Democratic party.
Draw the counties won by the Republican party.
Show me all the American lakes.
Show me all the American rivers.
Show me all the forests in the US.
Which 5 counties had the highest percentage of female voters.
Which party won the State with the highest percentage of male voters.
Show me the counties that border Kansas.
How did the counties on Texas’ border vote?
Show me the Republican counties that have forests.
Show me the Democratic counties that have forests.
Which party won in the state with the highest number of marshes?
Show me the number of Democratic votes and forests in each state.
In which states did Republicans win more counties, but Democrats won statewide?
Show the vote totals by county for each party in Wyoming.
Do mountainous states vote for the Republican party?
Which counties near lakes voted for the Democratic party?
Which party won in the states bordering Lake Michigan?
Which party won the elections in states bordering Alabama?
Which party won in the counties along the Nevada-California border?
Which party won in the 5 most populated states of the US?
In which counties did the Green Party win?
Show the votes by party for the Asian population in the US.
Which party won the elections in counties with the most Native American Population?
Which US state has the most lakes and forests?
Which party won in counties connected by the Missouri river?
Which party won in the state with the least young adults?
Which counties have the highest female population?
In how many of the counties with the highest female population the Green Party won?
Which party won in the counties with the lowest black population?
Which party won in counties were rivers pass through forests?
How did the county crossed by the most rivers vote?
What are the five largest counties by total area that voted for the Republican Party?
What counties that have similar white and black population vote for?
Which states have the highest Latino population, and how did they vote by party?
What are the population percentages of the state with the most lakes?
What are the total votes by party for Native Hawaiians outside of Hawaii?
What did the state with the highest male population vote for?
Can you show the party vote percentages for each state?
What is the smallest county with forests and the highest Black population that voted for the Democratic Party?